Closes #206: preserve plotly FigureWidget layout callbacks (#207)
posit-dev/py-shinywidgets: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

* `datetime.date()` values are properly JSON serialized. (#204)

> * Callbacks on a plotly `FigureWidget` are now retained for recent versions of plotly. (#207, thanks @simeonschwarzenberg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue were callbacks on a plotly `FigureWidget` object were getting dropped with recent versions of plotly. (#207, thanks @simeonschwarzenberg)
```
